[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
Why is it that a child
can't survive without their mom?
They can.
I'll help you so that you can survive.
My mom threw me away in the trash!
I'll take you away...
to a place several thousand kilometers
away where nobody can find you.
And now...
you will be the one
throwing your mom away.
Do you think you'll be able to do it?
Iceland is a place that is
8,000 kilometers away from here.
It will be a long and dangerous road.
This is rent to cover me
until the end of this month.
You'll be sending me my security
deposit immediately, correct?
Please take your cash.
Thank you very much.
[Withdraw Cash]
Please take your cash.
Thank you very much.
This can end up causing you
even more pain.
But...
I always wondered...
how birds could fly...
and how it felt for them
to fly such long distances.
And I wondered if I could
fly away too, one day.
Dear Ms. Ye Eun.
I hope that I won't have to
send you this letter
because I will only be
sending this letter to you
if things don't go as planned
and Hye Na and I were not able
to leave this country safely.
What I'm most scared of right now
isn't that I'll be
arrested for kidnapping
but that Hye Na will have to
return to her mother and that man
because things didn't go as planned.
That's why my mom hit me,
here and here...
and kicked me.
Does your mom hit you often?
She's pushed me
down the stairs before, too.
I'll tell you a secret.
That child's name was Lee Won Hee.
The man is a much more dangerous
person than we thought.
Please review
the materials that I sent you
and help Hye Na so that she won't
have to return to those people.
I believe that there is no better
person for the job than you.
I won't despise you even if
you get the police involved.
Please take care of things
in a way you deem fitting.
Strangely enough, I thought that the
only person who could understand
how I'm feeling now would be you.
If we'd met under
different circumstances...
we may even have been
able to become friends.
Thank you.
[Call Me Mother / Mother]
Subtitles by DramaFever
[The first day that Ms. Kang smiled]
[Lee Won Hee from Ongdalsaem Class
at Long Legs Kindergarten]
Hye Na!
Kim Hye Na!
Here, a cafe latte.
You don't want it?
Want me to teach you
how to put makeup on?
Mommy...
really likes Uncle.
If I don't have Uncle by my side...
I'll die.
So you have to become a good girl.
If Uncle runs away because of you
how do you think Mommy will feel?
You'll only be happy if I'm happy, right?
Say it.
I'll only be happy if you're happy, Mom.
All right.
You've become pretty now.
Go buy a new hamster.
I said you can buy a new hamster!
What's with her?
I was being so thoughtful to her, too.
Hey, kid!
It's dangerous to be playing over there!
The winds are strong today
so a little kid like you
will be blown away!
Go home before it starts snowing!
All right!
So, Soo Jin is in Mooryung right now?
Yes, as far as the people in
New Zealand know, anyway.
But they said that it's been
three years since she went there.
Are you going to head over right now?
Yes, I'll take a plane from Gimpo.
Good.
It's hard to get going again
if you take a break, after all.
Going straight there is
actually harder for me, Ma'am!
Thanks for working so hard, Jae Beom.
This time, get her contact information
when you find her.
I'm getting pretty old, after all.
All right.
I'm going to shoot a scene now.
Hello? Ma'am? Ma'am!
She just hung up after saying
what she had to say.
Let's go, Jae Beom.
Yeah, Honey?
I'm making a delivery to Seoul today.
When are you coming back?
Maybe after a day or two.
You should've told me sooner. Then...
Hey, it looks like
it's going to snow. Bye.
- Oh, that's hot.
- What about the little girl?
Did she say that she
doesn't want to eat?
I told her to go home
since it'll be snowing.
I just saw her wandering about
over there not too long ago, though.
[Cafe Latte]
Where did she go? Little girl!
Little girl!
Little girl! Where are you?
Who are you here to see?
Oh, a person named Kang Soo Jin.
I heard that she lives here.
- Oh, she moved out yesterday.
- What?
Yes, this is the place.
Come in.
[Automatic Ticket Machine]
[Incheon]
"Automatic... ticket machine."
Let's go.
Don't drive from now on, punk!
- It would be faster to take a cab!
- Geez.
I'm sorry.
It's hard to drive in the snow.
Ugh, you punk.
You think the ambulances and firetrucks
all get slowed down by snow, too?
We saw her playing alone
for a couple of days
so we took her in and
made ramen for her sometimes.
But today, I told her to go home
early since it was snowing a lot.
I told her to hurry and go.
But I didn't see the kid anywhere
and found that in the ocean!
We have found an item that we believe
belonged to the missing child
900 meters north.
Yes, thank you.
- Yes.
- Let's go.
Yes, sir!
Oh, you're so cute!
Do you want some?
Yeah, there you go.
Goodness.
You need to keep a low profile.
But that baby can't talk.
Um, well...
Is this your daughter's bag?
[Class 1-3
Kim Hye Na]
Is she Kim Hye Na from Class 1-3?
Breaking news.
A female elementary school student from
Mooryung, Gangwon-do, has gone missing
and the police have begun
their investigation.
The police have yet to find any promising
leads regarding the child's whereabouts
and thus they are having
quite a tough time with the case.
The name of the missing
child is Kim Hye Na.
She is a young girl
who turned nine this year.
She is around 110 centimeters tall,
and weighs about 20 kilograms.
She has a small, purple mole
on her left underarm.
She was wearing a red coat,
jeans, and yellow sneakers.
There, there.
They say that they won't be able to
search much longer
because of the bad weather.
Tell them to search just a bit longer.
Just a bit longer.
Look at that.
The birds are flying
even though it's snowing.
You were right, Ms. Kang.
Don't look outside.
And you can't call me "Ms. Kang."
Oh yeah.
Something's happened at home,
so don't come here for the time being.
What is she talking about?
[Shin Ja Young]
This caller is unavailable at this time.
Gangwon News.
It happened near Baek Island Harbor.
According to the testimony of
the last witness who saw Kim Hye Na
- Ms. Kim had come alone...
- What the...
- Damn it.
- to Baek Island Harbor.
I will repeat this information once more.
The missing child's name is Kim Hye Na.
She is a first grader at
Baek Island Elementary School.
And she just turned
nine years old this year.
Can you check on her
and see if she's safe for me?
Whether she's attending school,
and getting home okay.
I don't know. I just feel like something
will happen for some reason.
At the time of her disappearance, she was
wearing a red coat and yellow sneakers.
If anyone has taken this child in
or is protecting her...
The number you have
dialed does not exist.
Please check the number
once more and dial again.
The missing child's name
is Kim Hye Na.
Showing Hye Na's face... on T.V.?
You must consent for us
to be able to do it, ma'am.
It'll be much easier to
find the child if we do that.
Weren't you looking for her
because she fell into the ocean?
If she did fall into
the ocean, ma'am
she'd be dead by now
even if we did find her.
But there's a 1 in 10,000 chance
that she got lost, or taken by someone.
And if that's the case, we need to
find her as soon as possible.
If we don't find her
in the first 48 hours
the chances of ever finding her are slim.
If we report her missing
and put your child's face on
television and on billboards
people will take a look around
them to see if she's around.
And if someone took her away,
it'll be much harder for them to escape...
No.
My Hye Na...
is quite a shy girl
who gets embarrassed easily.
And I...
can't live with having
Hye Na's face everywhere
and having everyone find out about this.
- Sir.
- Yeah?
She said that she's a teacher
from Hye Na's school.
Hello.
What's going on?
Hye Na disappeared?
Yes.
Did you find out what the mother
was doing around that time?
- Pardon?
- Why are you acting like this?
Also, there's a man who lives with her.
Please find out what that
man was doing at the time...
Calm down, Honey. Okay?
We have to leave for our honeymoon.
How could you be talking about
that at a time like this?
[Mooryung Express]
We need to give you a new name.
What name?
Hye Na is a child
who went missing in the ocean.
Is there a name you like?
Yoon Bok.
Yoon Bok?
[Yoon Bok's Restaurant]
There's a person whose name is Yoon Bok.
And at their place, they have
curry and rice, omurice, donkatsu
and they eat that
kind of stuff every day.
So, you want to be called Yoon Bok?
Sure.
Try calling me that.
Yoon Bok.
Kim Yoon Bok.
Yes?
Try calling me "Mom."
Are you my mom now, Ms. Kang?
Even if I call you Yoon Bok from now on
you can't become Yoon Bok
completely, right away.
I'm sure you'll become
Yoon Bok, little by little.
And I'm sure that I won't be able to
become Yoon Bok's mom right away, either.
But I'll become her, little by little.
That's what I think.
Then, one day,
you'll become Yoon Bok
and I'll become Yoon Bok's mom.
Don't you think so?
But I'll call you that later.
Not right now.
That's okay with you, right?
Sure.
But don't call me "Ms. Kang."
We can't have you slipping up right now.
All right.
Yoon Bok.
Yoon Bok?
Yoon Bok!
Where are you headed, ma'am?
Want me to give you a ride?
It's okay.
How are you going to bring your kid
around when she's sleeping like that?
Our car is waiting outside, over there.
I'll give you a ride.
No, it's fine.
Oh, geez.
Fine, then!
All right, let's go!
Yoon Bok?
Kim Yoon Bok!
Yoon Bok!
Hye Na.
Help me, please.
We can't go if you don't help me.
Oh, geez.
Here, get in.
You won't be able to
hail a cab right now.
Get in. Come on, now.
Hurry up and get in!
Your child is cold!
Come on, now.
Why are you being so stubborn
when it seems like
you don't really have a
place to go, anyway?
Thank you.
But where are you headed?
If you haven't decided on a place
to go, just come to our place.
No, it's fine.
If we go to the southern entrance
of Incheon Station...
Our house is a guesthouse.
So there may be a lot of
foreigners, but it's not a shady place.
Or else, are you planning to wander
around in this cold with that child?
Don't be like that,
and just come to our place.
I'll give you a room for cheap.
What were you doing
at the time of the incident?
I... was at work.
Do you usually leave your child alone?
Detective.
When I was young, I played outside
all day even if my mom was home.
That's how I grew up.
This is my store's manager's
phone number.
They'll tell you that I was working
at the store at that time.
Is there someone she knows at the harbor?
No.
Then, why do you think
she went there?
I don't know.
Um, ma'am, the thing
about that place is...
it would take an adult
35 minutes to walk there.
And if a child walked there,
I'm sure it took over an hour.
I have three kids of my own.
They're 12, 10, and 7.
All boys.
But in order to make them
walk over 20 minutes
I have to give them money,
or hit them.
So, how is it that
she walked for an hour?
She is a first grader, and it was
negative five degrees Celsius outside.
That's just how my Hye Na is.
She chases cats, only to have
her clothes torn up by them
and gets bitten by them
when she goes to feed them.
There was even one time
she came home after midnight
because she wanted to count
how many mailboxes there were.
What am I supposed to do about
the fact that she's just like that?
Ma'am, your child might be
dead right now!
If that's not the case,
and she's out counting mailboxes
we have to find her,
no matter what it takes!
Who was the person
you sent a text to earlier?
I heard that there's a man
who lives with you two.
That man has nothing to do with this.
May I see your phone?
Honey!
I came as soon as I heard the news.
But I'm sorry I got here so late.
Hye Na disappeared!
Don't cry. It's okay.
Okay?
We don't live together.
Um...
it's just that I deliver
a lot of things here
so I've stayed over at my
girlfriend's house a lot, yes.
When was the last time you saw Hye Na?
Last night. Um...
My girlfriend got home late
so I shared some kimbap with her.
And we played hide and seek together.
I see.
That detective won't be
easy to deal with.
- What do you mean?
- Hey.
Just don't talk, all right?
If anything, just cry.
That's a more natural reaction
to your kid dying, after all.
And if they ask about me
tell them that I treated her well,
like she was my own daughter.
Don't try to avoid talking
about me on purpose.
Why do I need to do that?
It's not like we killed Hye Na.
You don't get it?
The scars on Hye Na's body...
will make us
the first people investigated
whether she's found alive or dead.
I'm not going back to jail,
no matter what.
You got that?
Yeah.
Ring, ring.
Get out of the way.
A bike is coming,
ring, ring, ring.
Ms. Kang.
Aren't I heavy?
You are heavy.
So why are you holding me, then?
Because I'm afraid that I'll lose you.
I have to hold on to you tight
and take you all the way to Iceland.
But I'm scared that
I'll lose you along the way.
Today was so much fun.
Can I buy a new "things I like"
notebook tomorrow?
I'm trying hard to remember the
new things that I started liking today...
but it's so hard.
What are the new things that
you started liking today?
A bus ticket. Small seagulls.
Ms. Kang's scent.
My name, Yoon Bok.
Hey, Kang Soo Jin!
She left already?
Oreun-gil 72.
This is the correct place, but...
Her mom didn't go buy herself a morning
coffee in this situation, did she?
Just what kind of assignment
have you given me, Kang Soo Jin?
[DramaFever Ver] tvN E02 Mother
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Here we go!
All right, eat this
steamed egg dish, too!
It's good, Granny!
It tastes so good!
It tastes so good?
All right, honey.
Eat up, eat up!
My mom is really good at cooking, too.
Oh, really?
I wonder what kinds of
dishes she's good at cooking.
Curry and rice!
It's the most delicious thing
in this whole world.
Also, omurice and donkatsu.
We're sorry for
imposing on you like this.
We'll pay for the room and the meal.
Are you going out to
get some fresh air again?
Yeah.
Look at the girls here.
Each one of them has a story.
So we can recognize someone
who's in need right away.
Helping each other out isn't
an extraordinary thing, really.
If not, we wouldn't
have been able to survive.
May I go outside and play...
Mom?
Yeah, sure.
But not for too long, Yoon Bok.
Where are you headed?
Do you have everything you need?
Boat tickets, and plane tickets?
Oh yeah, there's an
"anonymous ticket," too.
What's that?
You take a boat out from here,
but then transfer onto a different one.
If you do that,
nobody will know where you went.
Is there a way...
that I can get a passport, by any chance?
A child's passport.
All right, let's go, let's go!
Ah, you're all set?
- Yes.
- Here.
- I'll be back.
- All right.
Dae Woong!
Oh, you're so precious.
Aw, bye now!
You lived a sheltered life and
had a nice upbringing, didn't you?
So, how far do you think
you'll be able to get?
It's clear as day that child isn't yours.
You're wrong, ma'am.
I didn't live a sheltered life.
And she is my child.
We'll get farther than you
could ever imagine.
I'll bet on it.
Oh my.
Maybe it's because...
I raised my kids alone,
without their father around.
But I'm a sucker for
these kinds of stories.
I wonder if they'll sell to you, though.
They usually won't deal with Koreans.
Hey, yeah.
It's me, yeah.
It's a child, and she's
about seven years old.
And she could even pass
for eight years old.
Well? Can we get the goods from you?
Once you make an order,
you can't cancel it or get a refund.
And if there's an issue while you're
leaving the country, that's your problem.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you have it?
That's great!
Thanks, I'll come and get it. Yeah.
But the thing is, children's
passports are quite rare...
so they want a big one.
A big one?
Do you mean one million won?
You have an unexpectedly
cute side to you.
She said that she wasn't hit,
so how was I supposed to know?
She was standing there,
holding her mom's hand tightly!
She looked right into my eyes and said
multiple times that she wasn't hit!
And she said that she wasn't lying!
Hey, that's what she did, right?
Everyone blames the cops
whenever something like this happens
but it's not like you could've
done anything in that situation.
What?
Pardon?
If you have something to say,
then say it, punk!
Oh.
It seemed to me that
they were both lying.
Both the mom and the child.
Both of them looked unhappy.
Hey, you bastard.
It's not like you did anything, either!
Is that the first time
you saw an unhappy family?
Why are you saying
this kind of thing now?
Ever since I heard about
the girl going missing
I've been thinking about...
what I could have done back then.
I kept getting a bad feeling
every time I visited her house
so I think I kind of knew
things would end up this way.
What do you mean, you knew
things would end up this way?
This was an accident!
It's not like the mom
pushed the kid into the ocean.
It was an accident,
no matter how you look at it!
Hey, to be honest,
what about you?
Were you never hit by
your parents as a kid?
Well, to be frank
we don't know if the kid
would have told the truth
even if we questioned
them separately.
And we don't know if the kid's
situation would've improved
if she'd told the truth
and got sent to a facility.
Exactly, we don't know!
There's no way to know for sure!
But you know!
We still need to do everything we can
since things have ended up
this way, don't we?
Find out the time, date,
and location of the place
where she was supposedly
hit by a baseball
and check on all of the CCTV cameras
and dashcams that were nearby.
As for the incident when she
supposedly tripped down some stairs
check the date, time, location,
and even the circumstances, too.
Whether we find her or not
I will request a warrant if I suspect
that there was any child abuse.
I'm sorry, Manager.
I must be causing you so much trouble.
I think...
I'll be able to come back
to work in a week.
Yes, please do that.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you!
What do I do?
I don't have any black clothes to wear.
What if...
Hye Na didn't die?
Why are you being like this, too?
Where could she be, then?
That detective doesn't know
what he's talking about
but she knows this neighborhood
even better than I do!
And also, even if she were to get lost
she knows our phone number
and our address, too!
I think I saw her.
Who?
Hye Na?
Yeah.
No way.
So why didn't you tell the police?
Because I wasn't sure.
When?
Where?
When you texted me yesterday...
there was an intercity bus next to me.
Honey.
I make mistakes like that
all the time, too.
After my mom died, I saw a lot of women
on the street that looked like her.
Would you prefer that Hye Na were dead?
How could you say that?
Would you like it
if she never came back?
Do I not seem sad to you, Honey?
I feel like my head
is about to explode right now.
I'm so scared...
and I hate myself so much.
Because I feel like
she died because of me.
Well, that's a different matter.
Right now, Hye Na is...
better off being dead and silent...
for everyone right now.
What if...
she's not dead?
It'll become troublesome.
Quite troublesome.
Oh, um...
Chief Pyo Eun Cheol?
Yes.
Oh, um, my name
is Park Jae Beom.
What brings you here?
Yes, well, I'm looking for
Ms. Kang Soo Jin.
But she's not at school or at home.
And her phone number
doesn't work either, right?
Yes.
But I must find her.
Why, if I may ask?
It's... about a family matter.
Well, I don't know either.
Her mother is quite ill.
By "mother," do you mean...
Um, yes.
The actress, Cha Young Shin.
Ms. Cha is quite ill right now.
And she's saying that she refuses to
undergo surgery if Soo Jin doesn't come.
The Skoma Research Center in Iceland.
What?
That's probably where she went.
She said she was going there
when I last saw her.
I don't know any way to contact her
right now either, besides by email.
If you want, I can find the center's
address and phone number...
Excuse me, um...
Did you say... Iceland?
Wait, wait.
All right, come here.
If something goes wrong
and you know some things
that you don't need to know
it makes things difficult
for everyone involved.
Living your life in this way
will prove to be really difficult.
You need to be aware of that.
Hey!
Huh? Oh, hello.
All right, we're here.
Did you bring a photo?
No.
Come this way. Yes.
Take a seat over there.
Take your hat off.
Push your bangs back.
Did you catch that Vietnamese woman yet?
No, not yet. Ugh.
I have a bad feeling.
I took the baby and chased her
all the way to Mooryung.
And in that weather, too.
What's so important
about money, am I right?
Stay still.
Money is more important to
some than their own kids.
Even though she knows
what I'll do with her kid.
Did you sell the kid?
Boys get sold almost immediately
as soon as they're put up for sale.
All done.
You sure are lucky, ma'am.
Not a lot of people want children's
passports so we don't get many in
but we got one somehow.
You didn't bring it?
Can't I give you this
after you give me the passport?
Your niece sure is a
hardheaded one, Madam.
Look at how hard
she's clutching it.
This child has a hard time
trusting people, you see.
Hey.
These two aren't amateurs
who deal with just anyone.
They ask for all the money up front
and usually, you're left waiting
until they find the right template.
It's only because you're here
with me that you're buying this
as if you're shopping
at a department store.
It's fine. Just trust them,
and leave this to them.
We can't trust other people, either.
Then, I'll wait here
until the passport is ready.
Damn it!
Is that woman a psycho, Madam?
Why is she so slow to pick up
on what we're saying to her?
It's only because you came with her
that you're able to see my face right now
talk to me, and pull out
your money in front of me!
Do you get what I'm saying?
You're not even supposed
to know about me at all!
Here, take this and
wait for us to contact you.
You'll get a text in an hour or two.
It'll tell you where to go.
[Text Messages]
[Incheon Station Plaza]
If you wait there,
you'll get another text.
It'll tell you to go to a certain locker
or that there's a shopping bag
at a certain bench.
If necessary, you may
have to go back and forth multiple times.
You may have to go to the terminal,
and then back to the station.
Or to the park, too.
It may be hard on your body,
but it's better than getting busted.
Don't you think so?
The number you have
dialed does not exist.
Please check it once more
and dial again.
[Marsha House]
What is it?
What's wrong?
I miss Jjing...
This caller is unavailable...
so much.
Jjing liked red bean buns so much.
Put your shoes on.
We have to hurry and go.
Are you crazy?
Move right now!
No, I won't move!
Give me the passport.
Stop being crazy!
The passport isn't the problem right now!
Everyone is about to be caught,
and they've raided the factory, too!
What about my money?
That? Go to the police
station get it there.
Tell them that you were
trying to get a fake passport
but you couldn't because of them,
so you want a refund.
Why do you think that you're special?
Everyone is scrambling and running away
without being able to take anything!
Damn it all!
Just get in, okay?
Get in, and we'll talk in the car.
Hurry up!
Get in, get in, get in!
Damn it.
That Vietnamese woman
definitely reported us.
I guess she thought she'd
get her kid back if she did this.
I'm definitely getting my money back.
Sure, sure, whatever! Sure!
Where are we going?
Well, we'll have to hide out
on an island for now.
Wait here, okay? I have to make
some calls and buy the tickets, too.
Excuse me.
Run away now.
Hurry up and run away now,
while your body is still okay
and you have your organs intact.
I...
am not living a life befitting
of a human being, so I can't go.
But what's stopping you,
when all you've lost is money?
Once we go to the island, you won't be
able to escape as a human being.
That goes for...
both you and the kid.
It'd be a shame to waste
a child's life like that.
Mom.
Are you crying?
Can you not talk to me for a bit?
Yoon Bok.
Yoon Bok!
Yoon Bok! Yoon Bok!
Hye Na!
Are you okay now?
I'm sorry.
I wasn't mad at you.
I was mad at myself.
I know.
You really wanted to go
to Iceland, right?
If I weren't here,
you would've left by now, right?
We'll take things slowly,
and move forward.
I'll find a way, no matter what.
I'm not scared, Mom.
So I'm the only one who
needs to become brave now.
But, can't we walk a bit more slowly?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Let's go.
This wasn't an accident.
This was a murder.
The school,
Child Protective Services, and the police
were all bystanders to this crime.
There wasn't a single person
who expressed interest in Hye Na
while she was alive.
Everything is written down there.
I...
am going to leave for my honeymoon.
But I'm going to keep my eye on you.
This will be the first place
I visit after I get back.
And when I do, you'll have to
have some answers for me.
People tell me that I'm quite stubborn.
Wow, you did a great job
putting this all together.
You must have been an excellent
student, back in school.
But, you know.
There's one thing
you're mistaken about.
[Chooncheon]
Chooncheon.
Let's go.
All of the veteran detectives here
hate having to deal with
cases that involve children.
If they worked so hard to find the child
but the child's body turned up
in a steel barrel filled with cement
how do you think that
would make them feel?
It'd made you lose your
appetite in a heartbeat.
But what if they're
never able to find the kid?
I...
don't think this was an accident.
If no body has turned up,
it's a missing persons case.
I will tear this case apart
with my bare teeth
until I see Hye Na,
alive or dead, with my own eyes.
People call me vile...
because I sink my teeth into things
really hard, and don't let go.
A long time ago...
there was a baby rabbit
that wanted to run away.
"Mom."
"I'm going to run away."
When the baby rabbit said that,
the mother rabbit said...
"If you run away,
I'll come after you."
"Because you are my cute child."
Then, the baby rabbit said...
"Then, I'll become a fish
and swim away."
Then, the mother rabbit said...
"If you become a fish..."
"I'll become a fisherman, and..."
Bam!
"I'll catch you."
Stop it!
Hey!
Granny!
What are you doing in the
middle of a meal? Hurry up and sit.
I'm back.
Oh, hello.
Yes.
Yeah, good work.
I'm sorry that I came back alone.
Oh, I don't have much
of an appetite today.
They're going to leave me
in the dark again?
- Hey!
- Whoa!
Don't eat if you two
are going to mess around!
Can't I just rest a week
before I go there?
It's not like it's Japan or China.
I'm so, so tired!
Yeah, I'd like that, too.
I want to tell my cancer cells to
stop multiplying for just a week.
Geez, why do you have to
say things like that?
Get me a business class seat.
Why did Soo Jin have to go to
Iceland, of all places? Iceland!
There aren't even any
direct flights going there!
Um, Ma'am.
Yeah.
No.
They keep talking among themselves.
Something is definitely up.
Do you know anything about this?
I'll call you later, Big Sis.
Yes, Senior?
About the stabbing that occurred at the
illegal gambling facility this morning.
Two people with critical injuries and
six with minor ones are in the hospital.
And there were no casualties.
If there are no casualties,
then whatever. Next.
About the missing girl who fell into
the ocean yesterday in Mooryung.
They say that they
still haven't found her.
Um... it's been 27 hours now.
Do you have a photo of the kid?
No.
If not, then whatever.
Next.
Today, in the city of Gumi
a woman in her thirties
was kidnapped.
Mom.
Yeah?
Did your mom...
tell you stories
before you fell asleep?
Yeah.
Then, did you also think to yourself...
"Ah, this is nice..."
as you fell asleep?
No.
I...
was thinking, "I'm sorry"
as I fell asleep.
Why?
Because I...
wasn't my mom's real daughter.
I...
was adopted.
The Rose of Sharon has bloomed!
Oh, my child.
Let's go.
Stop it! Stop it!
- Oh.
- Stop it!
- All right, I'm sorry. Don't cry.
- Stop it! Stop it!
It's okay, it's okay!
Don't cry, child!
Here.
My name is...
Nam Soo Jin.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Call Me Mother]
Where are we going tomorrow?
The house I used to live
when I was six years old.
You have to wash your hands
if you went outside.
Yes.
Can't we stay here, Mom?
A detective came by
and asked about you today.
Did Kang Soo Jin ever tell you
about the children she taught?
If you want to go back
to your mom, just say the word.
How sad would they be if I died?
Shall I go play hide and seek?
They'll come after us
if they know we're here.
Why did I say that
I'd be that child's mom?